All right. Um... Mariachi.
Yeah.
Let's talk about um... like a song that you could recommend to anybody.
like your favorite song that you want somebody to listen to.
and then what about what about that song is like what do you want people to hear
Yeah.
Do you have anything off the top of your head?
mmh
Cervantes.
Oh wow, really? Okay, I I haven't really heard...
Don Quixote. That's interesting.
It's, yes. Donkey Donkey Donkey hotel.
So funny. Yes, you're right.
How about you, Josiah? Do you have any songs or anything that you would recommend?
like one of your favorites that you want people to hear.
You're not ready yet, okay.
I do, actually. Um... Mozart's Ave Verum Corpus.
yeah it's one of like the most
It's so, so we were talking about pure sounds, right? It's like...
that incarnate, like it's just amazing.
And I heard it when I was in Vienna.
and the Vienna Boys Choir was singing it.
And then the Vienna Phil, led by Muti, was um...
was performing it and it was just like heaven on earth like
I've never really cried like because something was so beautiful but that song is like
the first time like I was able to shed a tear.
It was so beautiful. And like there's this
the way the sounds just kind of...
like C major resonates.
it's just it was so pure like it's literally so pure so that one i always
Recommend people listen to but it's hard because like
you can't really like
I think the children singing it made it that way.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
So like if you do it a little bit wrong, it's just not good.
It's like perfect or not. Yeah. It's like one of those song there's no in between.
Yeah. Yeah. How about you?
mmh
uh-hmm
Very nice. I really love like this is like we're going off the
the worship thing but oceans
I thought the lyrics like I
You call me on until the waters
And then you're like challenge me to always like go further.
and then let... what what's the chorus?
Jesus, lead me where my heart can...
lead me in the heart
It's like when where I am forced to like look to your name or something like that.
And I that really like kind of spoke to me when that first when I first sang that song.
mmh
I know.
I sing losing.
Do they really?
Yeah.
like?
mmh